Update news and download pages for nunit console (#124)
nunit/nunit.github.io: _posts/2022-01-15-nunit-console-3.14.0.md

---
layout: post
title:  "NUnit Console and Engine 3.14 Released"
date:   2022-01-15 12:00:00 -0000
categories: news update nunit
---

This release features a new agent for tests targeting .NET 5.0. In addition, automation of our publication and release process is now complete from creation of a draft release through releasing to production on GitHub. While this doesn't impact users directly, it will allow us to speed up the introduction of new features in coming releases.

> fix these issues would be very welcome! An updated Beta has been released as version 3.12.0-beta2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes for these issues would be very welcome! An updated beta has been released as version 3.12.0-beta2.
```
